I saw that on Instagram oh I really like
it yeah hi there from makes a game um
welcome to my channel and if you're new
to my channel thank you very much for
visiting and I hope before you leave if
you hit the subscribe button and for
those of you who are already being here
thank you very much for coming again so
I'm excited because I'm doing I another
[Music]
clothes drying that I have both clothes
from a website and I saw that on
Instagram this website and I will reveal
now which one is that website if you
have seen before I have done a video of
everything is 5 pounds throw a trailhawk
thoughts and I would say it was amazing
the clothes I bought or really good some
of them and I did get a lot of
compliments so yeah and now let's see
which one weird friend type so this is a
package and it is I saw it first
the website and I'm really excited
because honestly I have forgotten what I
have ordered and if you keep watching
the video you'll see in the end of the
video my final words my final review but
anyway let's get the party started now
let's open the postage and see what's in
there when you receive a call which we
have ordered so that's what's happening
and now I'm really excited to see what's
in there but this is my passage I and I
hope this is my story and show you how
much I face everything like yeah so
let's see okay it's not exactly like
everything is five-part it doesn't say
any price how much I have paid but
whatever what I bought it was from
Christmas discount everything was sixty
five seventy five percent off so all the
clothes I bought our own discount and
yeah I think I spent like the the
delivery was framed the postage was free
the delivery was very fast so yeah I was
very impressed I because when I shopped
from everything his five-pound I had to
wait a little bit longer and I had to
pay for everybody but this one was free
and it came very very fast and yeah so
this time I've ordered everything size
ten because I have put white after
Christmas and anyway this is anyway so
remember correct it was like nylon juice
in there so at six but this is the first
one okay let's see okay this is a oh
okay a crop top like it's alright the
quality the quality it seems really good
there you go and the label says I saw it
from your stock carries their own label
okay I didn't know they do their own
clothes and it comes it's brand new it
comes out with labels and for those of
you who don't know I'll just show the
reference number so if you decide to
look for it you
just you can just find it and now let's
try it let's try it okay I'm ready guys
and I think that looks really really
good
you ready like that oh my god and I
think I really smashed it wit with the
size oh my look at how beautiful and
yeah
everything looks so good and I really
really love the sleeves look how pretty
is that and I think this crop top it
will look really well with high waist
like jeans or skirt or whatever you want
to call it and this is check off the
shoulder crop ruffle sleeve top that's
how it is and I got it in size 10 oh I
really like it and I really like this
the neck each other's and I really love
the fact that it's all like elastic here
so it's like it doesn't seep down so you
always have to do so yeah I like I like
it how beautiful is that okay let's go
to the next one I got some hurt highway
skirts with us I'm not someone to
I can't find it
okay this is a dress
there is no label okay it's down here
the label again is size 10 as I said and
yeah
this is how that's a bodysuit look at
that
that's a bodysuit okay alright and I'll
show you the leg also if you decide to
look for it there you go
this is the label and it's front and
back plush fishnet place with black size
10 I thank you to try that on you okay
you're ready so this is the place suit
um honestly I don't feel really
comfortable in that because look at the
back and I'll show you down look at that
it really doesn't feel comfortable and
he has well um well I think that was
like seven pounds or something like that
I really like these sleeves but here
here it does not look really good okay
um
I think with the nice Bell here I think
I think what I'm gonna do with that is I
might be wearing just the top like the
top and put a skirt over so I can use it
as a body suit which for me is gonna be
better because I really don't like the
bottoms they look a bit cheap and yeah I
don't like it okay but the top I really
love it oh yeah okay but here it's like
look at that it's a bit uncomfortable I
don't know how you're supposed to wear
that this way or I might have put it the
wrong way
no not the wrong way that's way this so
I didn't okay all right we can work with
that it was not expensive
okay okay this is a dress oh it smells a
little bit on something I don't know
what but I guess we're gonna wash it
anyway okay so this is the similar it's
similar to that effect which we do like
with that okay let me try to put it on
and I'm I need help someone to zip in
the back which means I have to call my
boyfriend probably to zip me up
Wow let's see okay I might I will need
help so I'm gonna go ahead and get my
person to zipper okay this is the dress
I really really really love this been
here guys
it looks so sexy and look at the sleeves
they look so sexy and I think here it
looks beautiful and I'll show you in the
bottom okay look at that the dress
really looks really really good I will
show you from the hall if I can sort out
my camera okay this is the bottom part
and this is the back of the dress and
yeah look at that
it looks beautiful yeah I really really
like it I really like this dress guys
and I think this will be a beautiful
dress for going out it is beautiful and
yeah and it's very nice party dress it's
not it's not really short it's not
really long so let's see how short this
okay I'm wearing leggings so yeah it
covers my bum
okay yeah and it makes me here it makes
my body like the fact that it has like
this little it's like a belt yeah and it
makes your waist look really really tiny
and really could look that this is
beautiful
Renfield photoshoot next exit neck next
next one I think this is the skirt I was
talking about yes this is the high waist
skirt I ordered for the crop
I bought and again it's as I Stan and I
will show you what it says so the
reference so you can actually if you
like it you can try to get it and let me
just say I'm not getting paid for
advertising this website I just
discovered that on Instagram and I
decided to buy myself some clothes I
meanwhile do some review about them and
see how I feel about them so let's put
that skirt and I will put a crop top as
well so you can see how they both look
like I needed my boyfriend to help me
again wait unzip me
because I cannot take this dress off
that's how far I can go and that's it I
can't do it
okay you ready so this is the top I
showed you I showed you previously and
this is the skirt I got the high waist
skirt and I will try to show you how it
looks like okay this is the skirt that's
how it looks like it makes my boom okay
I don't like the here it's like
so look at that it's like it's not
alright you need to be able to put it in
take it in somehow
yeah so this is the skirt and the length
is that long um yeah it looks okay but
it's not perfect but I don't have any
highway skirting I'm sure I can play
with it a little bit and I think for
when I put Hills actually it will look
really really nice it's just because I
don't have the heels now yeah now when I
put myself in the mirror with a bit of
Hills yeah and I think this crop top
will be perfect for it yeah I'm very
happy with that purchases one so let's
see what's my fun it's nothing you know
I love pink
okay this is no I put a lot of dresses
oh this material is really nice so this
is a dress again so thanks but it
doesn't need any is the pink okay let's
try it
that's right okay I forgot to show you
which one is that so I'm gonna be done
if you decide you need to if you want a
dress okay okay you're ready I really
love it look at that that looks so so
beautiful guys and I think this is a
perfect dress for my summer vacation
when I go under huh look at this list
looks so nice does leave
oh my and I like this by that this leaf
is not longer than like that because
when you decided to trust something you
hope that who always go in your plant if
you decide to go out for dinner but like
that it's just and if you decide to go
out dancing oh oh now I have so many
clothes too new video tutorials
I will show you that looks really
beautiful I never really loved the color
love this as well look at that
it is so so beautiful and I'll show you
the rest of my dress this is just
beautiful yeah it's really really
beautiful really beautiful guys I have
to think of a better way to set up my
camera because like that I have to show
you the top and the bottom
oh look at that look at ah this is so
beautiful and although the flower is
look at it it's so summery and is so
beautiful this is oh very very nice like
that I feel like a little bit like
geisha yeah oh nice I'm so happy right
next one
okay I have no idea what right mmm oh I
love the color
oh another dress another dress you know
I love dresses because like that you
don't have to think what I'm gonna wear
on top what I'm gonna wear on the bottom
you just have a hold fit with one thing
perfect so this is a dress look at that
look at that all right I love the color
and it is there to make midi dress rose
pink
yes Oh beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful okay I'm gonna have to undo
this button and I have no button
things about there's only two buttons
okay let's try that one as well okay
you're ready this is the dress um it is
beautiful Oh keeps me so hot as well
it's good I own a size ten and they call
it a midi dress it's not Mildred this is
definitely a minute release because it
is quite short and I will show you what
I mean this how short it is yeah so it's
not a midi dress it is a mini dress oh I
like it is a bit hard on the skin
yeah but it keeps you tucked in really
well
it squashes upon your boobs big time I
didn't do that because there is no way I
can even do it by myself so yeah oh it's
a bit each it's a bit harsh this
material I hope after the wash that
actually gets but better because it's
starting to irritate my skin so for
those of you with sensitive skin forget
about this dress it's not going to be a
really good option for you otherwise
this dress I like it don't it the only
thing I don't like is the actual
material because it is really cheap and
you can see here look how harsh on the
skin it looks oh it's starting to make
me sweaty as well so I don't think I
will be wearing that much probably I
will try to wash it and to put some
softener in the water and then see
otherwise it looks beautiful on me I
really like it and I love the color
yes
okay mixer right this is Elvis okay okay
this is a skirt red velvet skirt that's
a bit right but okay this is how it
looks like and I will just put it on top
here I'll do that other top okay I
really like it guys
it is beautiful oops so this is how it
looks like and I think because it's the
of the Velvets when you walk that's not
gonna go up and because that's one of
the problems I find when I wear
miniskirts and I think this one will be
really nice with nice body on top yeah I
really like it look at the material it
looks really good and I like this this
bits here that it's not straight but
it's like yeah okay I can work with that
I really like it
okay this is the miniskirt my hair from
all this crowd is like never once excuse
my laptop
okay okay this is the body we're talking
about a body so I'm gonna put a body
under with that skirt and let's see how
that looks like
I think that's reason actually ordered
it this is the label for the body okay
you ready
this is the body guys I think I've
ordered one size bigger than I should've
and for the body what can I say I really
like the mesh but what's happening here
is the sleeves are very very very
probably because of my size ah here this
bit it's like okay leave it open like
that but it's not exactly on the place
it should be
it's like going oh no it's better why
it's going a little bit up then staying
on place which means yeah look at that
my Brides under and then this is on top
so you have to be really really careful
otherwise look how beautiful that looks
but the sleeves are a bit too look at
that a bit too to be too big and yeah
and look at that once they go up and
tell you the truth why I look like a god
like a god girls now with this velvet
skirt and this stuff look at that anyway
look I don't know why these books you're
supposed to be my books are not here
they're here so this is keep going up
it's just so weird anyway I
like it but I will have to think of a
way to make it a bit more yeah
otherwise it's okay okay of course it's
a dress you ready okay this is the dress
on the camera they can see it looks very
very right but it's not actually that
right well that will get attention to
people okay I did not know that it will
come exact to here my boss so how much
that'll definitely get attention two of
the guys and that was not my purpose but
there what's done is done the dress I
mean how the dress looks really nice the
the color is beautiful and I'm not
really sure to that but I'll show it to
you now okay
the dress looks really nice the material
is so nice and soft it feels so
beautiful yeah I really love the
material I really love the dress and I
think I think out where that at work as
long as I'm unswept because here it will
definitely be same I showed the whole
dress
okay this is the dress and it is I'm
trying to show you how long it is okay
this is how long the dresses
it's beautiful and it's not very short
it's not very long but if you want to
make it short you can always do this and
look at that his gait is beautiful so
the dress is perfect I think the dress
is beautiful length
yeah I'm really pissed with it so that's
it no more like that all gone all done
and let me come how many we have 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 I remembered correctly so I
have 9 stuff 9 things and I am sure I
paid like 47 pounds full of these items
with free delivery charge so yeah so
just wait and jump I'm jumping to the
end of the video I want to review this
side and say my opinion and if you want
to share your opinion if you have tried
it please do in the section below in the
comment section below let's jump so guys
my review for this site I saw it first
is when I compared to everything is 5
pounds I think I got much better stuff
from everything is 5 pounds because most
of the stuff they did look a photo
well this ones they did look as well but
for example I'm quite disappointed on
this from the bodies I got and from here
on quite the point it of the body I got
because of the book thingy and then this
dries it is
really horrible material the that tie
suit between the legs it's just it
doesn't it doesn't seem bad and it's not
that comfortable to wear otherwise
everything else is very good the money I
paid for it I I think it's worth but the
thin case everything was 75% off so if
it was not 75% off I would be really
disappointed if I had to paint like
instead of 47 pounds a hundred pounds
for these things because I will be
wearing only half of them the other half
will go for charity probably but there
is quite a few items are really loved
really I will really enjoy wearing like
this jumper the Christmassy jumper the
dress I mean I really love this skirt
and my favorite personally is the pinky
that's the pink dress and the and the
crop top as well I really love the crop
top this crop top I really love it so
yeah there's quite a few items I would
love wearing and I think it's words that
I spent all this money and it's not a
lot but for people who like me work to
three different jobs it is quite a lot
of friends if you're not gonna use it
you're not gonna wear it
my dog is sniffing old all the pegs and
all the clothes and he's very curious
what I'm doing as always he was to be in
the shots and there he is my single say
hi yeah oops he is very confused so yeah
guys thank you very much for watching
and I hope you enjoyed the video and
fight this video helpful and if you have
experience with this I saw it first
website please let me know and if you
bought some real-world buying things
please do comment in the section below
and if you haven't subscribed please do
go and subscribe and if you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up and I'll see
in my next video bye